Runner docs (#4927)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/runner-installation.adoc

```bash
id -u circleci &>/dev/null || adduser --uid 1500 --disabled-password --gecos GECOS circleci

mkdir -p /opt/circleci/workdir
chown -R circleci /opt/circleci/workdir
```

=== Install the launch script

This wrapper script will be used by Launch Agent to execute the Task Agent, while ensuring appropriate sandboxing and a clean shutdown.

Create `/opt/circleci/launch-task` owned by `root` with permissions `755`

```bash
#!/bin/bash

set -euo pipefail

## This script launches the build-agent using systemd-run in order to create a
## cgroup which will capture all child processes so they're cleaned up correctly
## on exit.

# The user to run the build-agent as - must be numeric
USER_ID=$(id -u circleci)

# Give the transient systemd unit an inteligible name
unit="circleci-$CIRCLECI_LAUNCH_ID"

# When this process exits, tell the systemd unit to shut down
abort() {
  if systemctl is-active --quiet "$unit"; then
    systemctl stop "$unit"
  fi
}
trap abort EXIT

systemd-run \
    --pipe --collect --quiet --wait \
    --uid "$USER_ID" --unit "$unit" -- "$@"
```

=== Enable the `systemd` unit

Create `/opt/circleci/circleci.service` owned by `root` with permissions `755`.

> You must ensure that `TimeoutStopSec` is greater than the total amount of time the `stop-agent` script will take.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must ensure that `TimeoutStopSec` is greater than the total amount of time a task will run for - which defaults to 5 hours.
```

If you want to configure the CircleCI runner installation to start on boot, it is important to note that the Launch Agent will attempt to consume and start jobs as soon as it starts, so it should be configured appropriately before starting. The Launch Agent may be configured as a service and be managed by systemd with the following scripts:

```
[Unit]
Description=CircleCI Runner
After=network.target
[Service]
ExecStart=/opt/circleci/circleci-launch-agent --config /opt/circleci/launch-agent-config.yaml
Restart=always
User=root
NotifyAccess=exec

> TimeoutStopSec=600

Reviewer: Could we change this to 18300 please?

for https://circleci.atlassian.net/browse/CIRCLE-31045

USER_ID=$(id -u circleci)

# Give the transient systemd unit an inteligible name
unit="circleci-$CIRCLECI_LAUNCH_ID"

# When this process exits, tell the systemd unit to shut down
abort() {
  if systemctl is-active --quiet "$unit"; then
    systemctl stop "$unit"
  fi
}
trap abort EXIT

systemd-run \
    --pipe --collect --quiet --wait \
    --uid "$USER_ID" --unit "$unit" -- "$@"
```

=== Enable the `systemd` unit

Create `/opt/circleci/circleci.service` owned by `root` with permissions `755`.

You must ensure that `TimeoutStopSec` is greater than the total amount of time a task will run for - which defaults to 5 hours.

If you want to configure the CircleCI runner installation to start on boot, it is important to note that the launch agent will attempt to consume and start jobs as soon as it starts, so it should be configured appropriately before starting. The launch agent may be configured as a service and be managed by systemd with the following scripts:

```
[Unit]
Description=CircleCI Runner
After=network.target
[Service]
ExecStart=/opt/circleci/circleci-launch-agent --config /opt/circleci/launch-agent-config.yaml
Restart=always
User=root
NotifyAccess=exec

> TimeoutStopSec=600

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TimeoutStopSec=18300
```
